[docs] Fix description of Customizing Links guide and improve verbiage (#29853)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/advanced/native-intent.mdx

---
title: Customizing links

> description: Learn how to perform link redirection and utilization with third-party deep links and +native-intent when using Expo Router.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to perform link redirection and utilize third-party deep links with +native-intent when using Expo Router.
```

---
title: Customizing links

> description: Learn how to perform link redirection and utilize with third-party deep links and +native-intent when using Expo Router.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to perform link redirection and utilization with third-party deep links and +native-intent when using Expo Router.
```

### Using `redirectSystemPath`

> In native apps, an alternative method to rewrite a URL is to handle it within the `redirectSystemPath` as described in the section on [Rewrite incoming native deep-links](#redirectsystempath). This approach can be simpler for some use cases but comes with certain drawbacks:

Author: ```suggestion
In native apps, an alternative way to rewrite a URL is to handle it within the [`redirectSystemPath`](#redirectsystempath) method. This approach can be simpler for some use cases but comes with certain drawbacks:
```
